if you watch our show regularly you know
my entropy is a very how would you
describe her Guillermo Posse demanding
bossy demanding angry she yells and
crazy - crazy - so we decided we wanted
to help her learn to relax oh my
cousin's house Guillermo and our pal
Yann I took her to a class where they
teach meditation and then here's how
that went
[Music]
everything requires stairs don't anybody
know what an elevator looks like in
chief he's already mad does anybody have
an escalator in their building stairs
she gets very upset everything in
California is uphill even downhill is
uphill it's good for you you see why
we're here
yes I mean this is this woman is
stressed right so we're gonna come in
we're gonna learn meditation in a center
in the breath calm ourselves all right
well let's try it let's come on let's
have three lines here okay when I first
met the students I was a little nervous
because they all came in a group and I
was aware that there would be
camaraderie and they might have a hard
time sitting still we're almost 200
pounds you I'm gonna sit like that I
can't even get down okay yeah in
meditation what we do is we choose a
focal point and in choosing that focal
point we calm our system down think of
meditation as the ocean ocean yeah so
deeper and deeper within oneself
you know Andy Andy yeah the Hindi guy
you remember the guy Gandhi yeah
the morning clothes yeah no you been
with Randy you know what the guy the
India died yeah he's very famous I know
I don't
okay what does nemi make the movie don t
oh yeah Ben Kingsley yeah I got bit show
there meet up with me is very nice guy
why he does this remind you of yeah yeah
noxious a deep in deep in deep she
remind me the movie
tell me without ocean get let's get the
I want to see something yeah they have a
peaceful family to go along with this
absolutely not cuz it's really inside
what's happening inside inside it's just
all Marlboro cigarette smoke inside its
marvelous cigarettes right pollutions
pollution we need to get a chippy
unpolluted is there a quick way to do
that breathing breathing want to bring
all the way down to the belly all the
way down yeah here why are you feeling
each other's bellies right now I want to
make sure he's doing it right you admit
to I don't know about anything else but
the smell in this place is really nice
laughs quietly I was taken with how
observant chippie was I really felt that
she was hyper observant she didn't need
to voice all of her observations but the
fact that she noticed them is step one
to meditation so when we're
communicating we want to use eye
language so instead of saying you did
this and you did that we want to say I
feel this way when I think you are a
loudmouth
like that kind of thing I think your
[Laughter]
so let's close our eyes oh oh yeah right
what's that word got back okay you just
want to breathe in and out that's what I
want you know if I start drooling when
you please like wipe my mouth yeah do
you make meditation tapes because my
aunt chippie is available for voice-over
work if you need some more like a
soothing Melissa Louis yes melodious
what is it okay found something that
brings you joy and happiness smacking
them and the head always brings me a
little bit of joy what about a fun that
that crap out of these two kids that's a
very good question have you ever enjoyed
a sunset be honest yes your uncle went
to Hawaii and left me home me a video of
the sunset he spent thirty
[Music]
I feel like you'd be very negative
towards my cousin right now thank ya I'm
gonna knock you out I'm gonna knock it
out of your mouth and I'll feel good
about it so he's in a laughing her
meditation I knew that you'd be sense of
joy
yeah I'm just making yeah I'm very happy
up most of the time see that you could
be like that if you weren't so bitter
and negative I mean I'm sorry I think
you could be like that if I you weren't
so bitter and negative we've only
meditated probably 30 seconds total
maybe we should just bring it back to
the breath for a minute breathing in and
out of the nose and with us
we should probably put the cellphone I
have a lot of money on the San Francisco
Giants we're actually not allowed to
have them in here I'm gonna try this I'm
gonna really try this I'm yeah we had
almost four seconds of silence there I
think that was a record that was good
do you feel that stillness that quiet
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
how's the matter with you so there were
a lot of firsts today you know I've
never had that much talking but I've
certainly never had a student actually
use a disruptive tool to awaken or defin
another student so that was definitely a
first
as was violence for sure the hitting
means you can see
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die